welcome to pokemaster 30 30 local park
when we walk through let's get started
um yeah so I don't have a lot to say on
that away your dance she's doing first
you're gonna change a picture um oh hey
that one looks so weird yeah that one
sure yes that is my picture new game
created okay play in the Polka park it
starts on a happy day with Pikachu
Charmander and chick burrito and put
what hip pop all running and playing tag
or something and then new comes well I
want that yeah I'm gonna need you two
magical fairy land of wonders and stuff
but ok nevermind yeah I want to go too
with what what the heck what is that are
you doing ah you push Pikachu in stupid
Pokemon should we go in
jumping
hey that's what miss me say whoa what
loading behind you thanks for putting us
into this thing Pikachu that's your name
that's a good name my name is Mew I need
your help oh yeah you do the sky prism
which protects bookmark is scattered
shattered and pieces falling all over
the PokePark if the sky person whose
power is lost the sky pavilion could
fall I don't know what you're saying it
could fall from the sky down onto the
PokePark I like you too got got got whoa
what's that like crystal please find the
sky prism pieces there are 14 person
pieces in total special Pokemon and the
Polka park currently have these pieces
whoa I'll wait I'll wait for you sky
pavilion please help whoa whoa tree oh
my god another tree whoa another chain
another tree oh that's not a tree what
is that what do you owe your chat on
you're not around here eh say what me
I'm chat up the Polka park guy and talk
to me whenever you have questions about
the poker park why am I talking exactly
say what you're looking for your friends
charmander pick up and chick terita aww
I haven't seen them why am I talking in
this accent still that's right there are
some things I don't know now I wonder
you may find them in the Polka park okay
I'll take you there follow me we you can
fly I can't fly on fly follow chatter
hold the Wii Remote horizontally and
move with the control stick or control
pad more life
yay Pikachu is you being a Jew ah there
you are I want you to try a few things
before you go to the Polka park you can
dash can't you see that create over
there dashing to it see what happens
when you break great so basically dash
all you do is press one and dash into
crates to break them so just like this
hold one angry and that is like I don't
know 02 ball all right just have to go
over to the ball when you touch them
they'll be yours technically basically
and yeah it's mine okay I'm sorry if I
sound a little quiet like I said again I
have to lean in whoa that's gonna be
farming wrong you broke open the crate
nice job and I'll see if you can jump
you have to be able to jump to get some
click to some place in the PokePark I'll
be waiting for you over there jump over
the log then catch up to me okay press
ok so press 22 on jump over I forgot
what the rests head but yeah um yay okay
cat I'll you hey now you okay uh
basically yeah PokePark has many ways
have fun everybody enjoys to kill game
let's go and then then I don't care and
the most oh yeah okay now we're gonna
play chase chase is a skill game which
you have lemon amount of time tag the
other Pokemon dash to your opponent and
you and ash into your gun okay so
basically you just have to dash into
your opponent so like this so start
dashing I guess to 10 okay hold 12 dash
come on dash dash dash ok and now I'm
pretty close so i will dash there we go
bye-bye check hot or however you
pronounce it who cares that was too much
made me feel a little dizzy combatant
told me to pull vangie aren't you
already passed test gray clay chase no
problem here's some berries ok when you
will win we win skill game two good
things will happen the first is that you
make a friend and obviously since we
played chetak chatot is a friend now one
of our friends so yeah and you got
berries I think that's the second one
yep second one's berries okay um any
berries that's all you need to know for
now I'll be waiting in the pork park
okay wait wait for me I don't know how
to get to the booking Clark oh um where
did you come from uh yeah stranger
danger don't talk to strangers Iman's
with your poop okay um you look like a
teddy bear okay yeah
follow the stranger once okay never all
the strangers little kids okay um yeah
okay stranger where'd you go oh there's
the stranger okay what just talked to a
Pokemon approaches then push 2 and
pokemon wants to tell you something
you'll see a bubble above their head and
I'm going to talk to you the stranger oh
hi we just met each other just now
Snorlax than you and I go look okay so
basically we're gonna have to wake up
Snorlax and I listen my favorite car to
the level I think you basically blast
them with a thunderbolt nice way to wake
someone up right so basically you hold a
down and then push me I think something
I don't know like I didn't have time to
read it but yeah so hold down eight and
release nothing I forget what you use
the beef or though but who cares oh you
mad Snorlax you're mad oh wait no you're
just moving okay I serious you're just
going back to sleep oh my gosh this
thing is so lazy yay thank you now i can
play in the PokePark yeah
okay um I think we're done now this part
so uh just find the Polka park just for
a minute oh yeah okay that's all thanks
for watching comment rate and subscribe
and I'll see it in the next episode of
my polka park we walk through thanks and
goodbye